Welcome to Connect for World Languages.
Your instructor will make assignments for you through Connect,
and this short video will help you get started.
When you first open Connect,
your screen should look something like this example.
Click on the word menu in the top left corner to access a to-do list
with all your assignments and due dates.
You can also see your assignments on a calendar or check your results.
At the bottom of this column, you'll see a link to Connect Support
where you can search for an answer to a question or get help via email, phone, or chat.
Click the word classes and then select your class to return to the main screen.
Notice the instructor information in the top left corner.
Just below that, under the word read, is your ebook.
You can read here inside of Connect,
or you can download the Read Anywhere app to read chapters offline.
In the middle of the screen, you'll see you'll see
the assignment section Every practice activity or homework assignment will appear here Notice there are folders with assignments grouped inside For this example you can see the instructor has a folder with
all of the Capitulo or Chapter 2 assignments included. When you're ready to start working on a specific
assignment, click on the blue arrow. You'll see information about the due date and other details
about the activity. Click begin when you're ready to start.
We'll look at the adaptive learning assignment entitled Capitulo DOS Vocabulario as an example.
Adaptive learning assignments are like adaptive flashcards.
The software adapts based on your performance.
After you click Begin, you'll be asked a series of questions.
Be sure to notice that in addition to clicking on the answer you think is correct,
there is a second question at the bottom that asks how confident you are about your answer.
Be honest.
The combination of your answer plus your confidence level gives the program information that allows it to adapt If you already know most of the material well you move through the questions more quickly Sometimes adaptive learning assignments may ask you to type out your answer
If you need to type accented letters, a small keyboard will appear near the question,
allowing you to select the letter you need.
After you answer, the program gives you feedback on your response.
Near the top of the screen, you'll see a progress bar.
That shows how many concepts you've completed and how many more you'll need to complete to finish the assignment.
Now let's take a look at the ebook provided within Connect.
Click Exit Assignment to return to the main screen in Connect.
Your ebook can be accessed over on the left-hand side of the main screen.
Your instructor may make specific assignments from your e-book, or you may use it as a reference,
reference for other homework The ebook navigation is simple Either use the arrows at the top of the page to move forward or backward or use the hamburger icon in the top left corner to see the entire table of contents Simply click on a chapter title or a section to find
what you need. You can also use the search at the top right to look for a specific page number
or a bit of text. Use your mouse to highlight selected text. You can select the color highlighting
and even add your own notes. Save your notes and the e-book will collect them.
Click on the icons at the very top of the table of contents column to see all of your notes together in one place.
Also, notice that many things are clickable in the e-book.
Videos and audio examples are embedded in the e-book where they are discussed.
McGraw-Hill Connect is more than just homework.
It's a one-stop shop for all your learning resources.
Use it on a daily basis and work confident you'll see better performance and higher grades.
performance and higher grades.